Why So this time I did not get to win the game but also another game now immunogenicity
So we have no one not this time racking arm collaborators who are we
Oh, you saw it.
Fourth, I'm curious . Afterwards. My motherfucker.
Oh, what
Why again places the steel structure of water as the Yau 3 4 5 For me focus only 32g
I will not.
Here you turn things what else
Jamshil is also good a. Oh, I will come face to face,
I'll get it for you. It's right in the back.
Itneyo nature's another less Alas I this smear
4 I'm looking at Vala's best to be known to a lot of parts to live haha
I am a little disappointed.
Recently I've been very lucky to ah a ah Finally Take Let's header
saw
For itneyo and from containment About 30 Conference, I again do more than collapse
Amnesia in the field again, and I've been taken to the hospital again. Ah ah yes.
I do not know how you look at me in the game with the value of three. Especially now.
This tournament tran pd is the person who produced this ah
I am going to send eel house to many now
Let's try to create it once. Yes Yes Yes
Then Allah will not ever question like going to this topic in our next Dian
It 's Devil Curie.
And the real dancers and singers Song Jun-hyuk and I will come again
Now you say you're minutes yireot well well well I do not see rubbish eoheu
Did I have a lot of games with members who were in the past
Also since I studied really out in such a position again haha oh so rattling two
So the minute I think what is very visible sign yet be a great team,
George actually being eliminated from domestic research revealed 'cause with all four marquee for end.- Ah
The real revelation received
The commentary can be seen in the meeting.
Because anyone who is expert Joa's facial expression 3 I walk and I use it like this Haha
Haha I can not come out professional man also press the 14 rooms sassy Footy right
Here we go. Neighbors.
I'll just ask one of our rooms jeongdeokhui Ciel ax introduced in the past Hi.Uh
Jeong Deok-hee from Dungeon & Fighter in the game 4
Now, in the city that developed the hero's corps,
I'm working at the headquarters this year and now I'll take the commentary with you.
That's it.
The proverb You've never'm not usually rotating ah ah ah
It's called a search without development Hall 4 stand development brought clothes 4
Users are holding and repairing the lake and I can not be you or you can sit down and make a Creator
You have to dress up.
I'll look in just sing to charm rather than making major such that y
While the game is now, each had different ecological question is a little hard to walk
News is on the island